



Network Working Group                                         R. Housley
Internet-Draft                                       Vigil Security, LLC
Intended status: Informational                                  R. Droms
Expires: March 3, 2018                              Interisle Consulting
                                                         August 30, 2017


          Data Center use of Static Diffie-Hellman in TLS 1.3
                   draft-rhrd-tls-tls13-visibility-00

Abstract

   ABSTRACT

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at http://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on March 3, 2018.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2017 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.






Housley & Droms           Expires March 3, 2018                 [Page 1]

Internet-Draft      Option for TLS 1.3 in Datacenter         August 2017


1.  Introduction

   INTRODCUTION

2.  IANA Considerations

   IANA CONSIDERATIONS

3.  Security Considerations

   SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS

4.  Acknowledgements

   ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

5.  Normative References

   [I-D.ietf-tls-tls13]
              Rescorla, E., "The Transport Layer Security (TLS) Protocol
              Version 1.3", draft-ietf-tls-tls13-21 (work in progress),
              July 2017.

Authors' Addresses

   Russ Housley
   Vigil Security, LLC
   918 Spring Knoll Drive
   Herndon, VA  20170
   USA

   Email: housley@vigilsec.com


   Ralph Droms
   Interisle Consulting

   Email: rdroms.ietf@gmail.com













Housley & Droms           Expires March 3, 2018                 [Page 2]
